---
title: What is American Dream?
date: 2025-12-08
tags: ["essay"]
---

I just came back from a two-week trip to the US. My main objective was to attend my best friends’ wedding in LA and see my sister in NJ.

Here are some thoughts.

- Everything in the US has become out-of-this-world expensive. If I weren't visiting friends and family, traveling in the US would have been the worst nightmare. My wife and I spent a month in the US four years ago, and things weren’t that bad. Now, compared to Korea, a cup of coffee costs twice as much and a bowl of pho costs three times more(including tips). Rapid inflation plus the KRW’s forever-sinking value against the USD made paying $4 for a slice of pizza a luxury. We could save tons of money because our friends and family gave us rides, paid for many meals, and provided housing. Even with this much help, when we were by ourselves, we couldn’t help but avoid eating at restaurants. It was clear: ₩ earners could not afford to live in a $ country. 
- The entire NYC smelled like weed. I’ve visited NYC six or seven times over the past fifteen years, so I know the city almost always stinks like a nasty restroom. But too many people now walk around with a joint in their mouths. From Chelsea to Chinatown, it was impossible to escape the smoke. How does a New Yorker(not mega-rich) raise a child?
- Every tourist who visits Times Square for the first time realizes that the city is unlike anything they hoped it would be. The flashy billboards are just dumb ads, and scammers block your way to steal your cash in front of the NYPD. There’s no public bathroom anywhere because... of drug dealers? After handing over $5 for an Americano, the tourist finally gets to sit on a toilet in the Big Apple.
- Lots of non-Americans still dream of visiting or living in the US. It’s very difficult to see through the American fantasy Hollywood has groomed for decades. I myself struggle to let go of the possibility that one day I will be able to move back to the US to pursue my dream(whatever that is). It’s a silly idea because for me living in Korea is and will always be much more comfortable both financially and culturally. When Koreans in the US visit their motherland, their first stop is always a hospital. It doesn’t matter how old these people are. Seeing a dentist in Korea is at least 10X cheaper, even if you have company-sponsored insurance in the US.
- So what is the American dream? It’s the mimetic desire to climb the world’s biggest ladder. Most of us are trying to be one step closer to God. God in this context is most likely money, fame, or authority. And what kind of people have an untouchable amount of money, fame, and power? The answer is... yes! Americans. Every year, thousands of young Koreans walk the Camino for spiritual enlightenment, thinking the harsh(and supposedly holy) environment will open their eyes to a better future. It’s the same logic. People gravitate towards the ultra-capitalist militaristic empire because they want vaults filled with dollars and gold. It’s a win-big mentality. They want to play in the league where the World Series happens. Do you know what the best pitcher award is called in the Japanese Baseball League? Me neither. Winning second-best doesn’t mean anything when there're people looking down on you.